# Approach
### Data format

Just read in the ints to a list.

### Part 1
> _What is the sum of the 2000th secret number generated by each buyer?_

Alright, well, today was really just a puzzle of reading comprehension! I read the puzzle so many times, trying to parse
through it, but my brain was running so slowly. I just ended up taking it one small step at a time (I implemented a `mix`
function, then a `prune` function, etc.). It was definitely overkill after I finally had it all written down and figured
out what was getting asked...because this part ended up just being easy enough to take a number, run through 2000 iterations
of the same 4 calculations and store it in a map (key is the original value, value is the final secret 2000 iterations later).

Once I had that, I just had to sum up the values of my map. Easy.

### Part 2
> _What is the most bananas you can get?_

Seriously...throw more confusion into the puzzle text to make it seem so much harder than it really was. Bananas, and patterns,
and buyers, and prices, oh my!

Once again, though, it was just a matter of writing down each piece as I went, taking the last digit and finding sequences that repeat
throughout the secret-generation function. Once I had the patterns, I just saved the optimal secret in my secrets map
and returned the best one. Again, the main puzzle here was just parsing through all the junk and wording of the problem.

Nothing complicated in the solution.

# Results

|              | Exec. Time (ms) |
|--------------|----------------:|
| **Part One** |            2469 |
| **Part Two** |           10523 |
